So we looked a little bit about
how the through2 userland package
compares to the transform
stream that's part of core.
Just use whatever version you like better.
It doesn't matter very much.
So if you do use core,
then you have to pass in a, you can
pass in a function that's gonna be acting
on each chunk of data as it comes in.
And you can also pass in a function
that will get called when the stream is
finished at the end, which is called
flush is the name of the key.
And if you call through2, then you
can pass these in just as positional
arguments, you don't have
to provide an object.
So here's what the through2
interface looks like,
you provide a right and an end function.
And optionally at the beginning, you can
provide an options object to control some
of the sort of obscure options that
are available like object mode and
also things like the high watermark.
So the signature of these things is we
already saw the right function, you have
the buffer, the encoding, which you can
mostly ignore and the next function.
One thing that I didn't cover yet
is that so sometimes, most of the time,
you'll wanna do something like call the
next function with the data that you have,
but not every piece of data might
correspond to a piece of output.
So what you can use instead in those cases
is you can call next separately without
any data, and you can call this.push
to sort of provide data to the stream.
So for example, maybe if you're writing
something like a gzip compression,
you have to buffer things up
into this set buffer size.
So if you only got 100 bytes of data,
then you don't really have enough
to fill up your buffer yet.
So you might not have any
data to push right away.
So you might just call next a couple
of times until you have enough
data, for example.
But these are interchangeable.
So how this would work is, So
these two things do the same thing.
>> So it will push it to the next
widget to the output of that.
>> Yes, yeah, push provides output.
And there's a special case for
the push method.
If you push null, that's the same
as sending an end signal and
that's also true for next.
So if you provide null as the data
portion of the next callback, that's like
you're telling downstream consumers
that okay, this stream is finished.
It's sort of if you hit Ctrl D on
the input of a program that's reading from
the keyboard on standardin,
that's a similar idea.
Another handy thing is if you
don't give through any arguments,
it sets some defaults.
They're pretty convenient.
So if you need a pass through stream for
whatever reason,
something that's just gonna take
the input and copy it to the output side.
And occasionally,
you need something like this,
just don't give through any arguments.
Or if you only want something that's going
to hook into the end portion of through,
you can pass null or
undefined as the first argument for right.
>> Wouldn't it just do
that without through?
>> For a transform stream, yeah.
So an example for
when you might wanna do that is if you
need to use an API that has
a stream shaped hole and
you need to fit a stream into it and you
just want it to kind of just pass through.
So this crops up now and then.
It's kind of hard to articulate
when that happens exactly
without a really contrived example,
but it does happen.
>> Okay.
>> Actually, pretty commonly.
So just something to be aware of.
I also see that there's a question for
best practices for errors.
So yeah,
I have some stuff about errors a bit
later and dealing with clean up properly.
There's some good modules for that,
like a pump and pump of fire pretty good.